README.md, before:

# Anti VPN Service (AVS)

A powerful anti vpn service, using multiple types of providers, like downloaded address ranges or online services,
to protect your Mindustry server against players using VPNs (also useful against classic DDoS attacks).

Custom whitelist and blacklist are given to allow or block specific addresses or ranges of addresses. <br>
And there are many settings, to configure the plugin to your needs.


---


### Requirements
* **Java 12 or newer is required to run this plugin.** 
* Mindustry server, v146 or newer.


### Commands
**Server command:** `avs [command] [args...]` Anti VPN Service command line manager <br>
**Admin command:** `/avs [command] [args...]` Restricted Anti VPN Service manager for admins


### Documentation
*TODO*

Documentation can be [found here](https://github.com/xpdustry/Anti-VPN-Service/tree/master/docs).


### Releases
Prebuild releases can be [found here](https://github.com/Xpdustry/anti-vpn-service/releases).


### Feedback
Free to you to [open an issue](https://github.com/xpdustry/Anti-VPN-Service/issues/new) and write a suggestion, a bug report, or just a question.


### Building a Jar
Just run the command: `./gradlew build`, and the plugin will compile and export automatically.


### Installing
Simply place the output jar from the step above, in your server's `config/mods` directory, and restart the server. <br>
List your currently installed plugins by running the `mods` command.

Commit message:

translations project accepted by webplate

README.md, after:

# Anti VPN Service (AVS)

A powerful anti vpn service, using multiple types of providers, like downloaded address ranges or online services,
to protect your Mindustry server against players using VPNs (also useful against classic DDoS attacks).

Custom whitelist and blacklist are given to allow or block specific addresses or ranges of addresses. <br>
And there are many settings, to configure the plugin to your needs.

---


### Requirements
* **Java 12 or newer is required to run this plugin.** 
* Mindustry server, v146 or newer.


### Commands
**Server command:** `avs [command] [args...]` Anti VPN Service command line manager <br>
**Admin command:** `/avs [command] [args...]` Restricted Anti VPN Service manager for admins


### Documentation
*TODO*

Documentation can be [found here](https://github.com/xpdustry/Anti-VPN-Service/tree/master/docs).


### Releases
Prebuild releases can be [found here](https://github.com/Xpdustry/anti-vpn-service/releases).


### Feedback
Free to you to [open an issue](https://github.com/xpdustry/Anti-VPN-Service/issues/new) and write a suggestion, a bug report, or just a question.

We use [Webplate](https://weblate.org) for translations, you can contribute to this project by helping us translate this plugin on [the project page](https://hosted.weblate.org/projects/anti-vpn-service/avs/).


### Building a Jar
Just run the command: `./gradlew build`, and the plugin will compile and export automatically.


### Installing
Simply place the output jar from the step above, in your server's `config/mods` directory, and restart the server. <br>
List your currently installed plugins by running the `mods` command.
